Update readme file and corresponding assets for bannner and icons (#1662)
Automattic/amp-wp: readme.md

## Description ##

> AMP is an open-source web components library packed with highly optimized web components, a runtime system and a validation framework; together, these elements provide a well-lit path to progressive web development: the development of [beautiful and highly optimized web experiences](https://www.ampproject.org/learn/showcases/) leveraging the capabilities of the modern web. The official AMP plugin for WordPress enabling AMP content creation in WordPress seamlessly integrated with the standard content creation workflows in WordPress; and this is true both classic editing, or Gutenberg-based editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AMP is an open-source web components library packed with highly optimized web components, a runtime system and a validation framework; together, these elements provide a well-lit path to progressive web development: the development of [beautiful and highly optimized web experiences](https://www.ampproject.org/learn/showcases/) leveraging the capabilities of the modern web. The official AMP plugin for WordPress enables AMP content creation in WordPress seamlessly integrated with the standard content creation workflows in WordPress; and this is true with both classic editing and Gutenberg-based editing.
```

Reviewer: Small updates for grammar.

> Some of the most salient features and capabilities provided bythe plugin are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features and capabilities provided by the plugin include:
```
Simplify language.

> - **Compatibility tool**: to assist the development of AMP experiences by enabling AMP debugging based on exposing extensive and detailed information about validation errors that may exist, the markup/scripts causing them, and the specific components on site (e.g theme, plugin, core) bearing the responsibility of that page content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Compatibility tool**: to assist the development of AMP experiences by enabling AMP debugging with detailed information about validation errors that may exist, the markup/scripts causing them, and the specific components on site (e.g theme, plugin, core) affected.
```

Simplifying language.

> - **CSS Tree Shaking**: to assist in the process of putting the CSS-house in order in cases where  existing CSS rule exceed the maximum limited permitted on single AMP pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CSS Tree Shaking**: to assist in the process of automatically streamlining in cases where  existing CSS rules exceed the maximum allowed on single AMP pages.
```

> - **Core theme’s support**: enabling full AMP validity for four default themes (i.e.  2015, 2016, 2017, 2019).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Core theme support**: enabling fully valid AMP support for four default themes (i.e.  Twenty Fifteen, Twenty Sixteen, Twenty Seventeen, Twenty Eighteen).
```

> - **Gutenberg support**: enabling AMP content creation fully integrated with Gutenberg, the new and powerful editing experience in WordPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Gutenberg support**: enabling AMP content creation fully integrated with Gutenberg.
```

While I don't disagree (Gutenberg is amazing), I suggest limiting adjectives in a feature list.

> - **AMP-first experiences support**: enabling full-site AMP experiences without sacrificing by one-bit the flexibility of the platform, or the fidelity of content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **AMP-first experiences support**: enabling full-site AMP experiences without sacrificing the flexibility of the platform, or the fidelity of content.
```

Reviewer: I'm curious about this "feature".. Is there anything more technical / detailed we want to say about what we mean here? Reading it as a user, I don't know what it means for me personally. How would I use this "feature" / capability?

- **Many Optimizations**: A myriad of code, performance, and developer experience improvements: from customization flexibility, to better UI flows, internationalization, accessibility, etc. Check the full list in the release post.

With the official AMP plugin for WordPress, the WordPress ecosystem is provided with the capabilities and tools it needs to build world-class AMP experiences without deviating from its standard, flexible,and well-known content creation workflow.

## Getting Started ##

> To learn more about the plugin, how to install it, and start leveraging its capabilities to power your AMP content creation workflow check [the official AMP pluging product site](htts://amp-wp.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the plugin and start leveraging its capabilities to power your AMP content creation workflow check [the official AMP plugin product site](htts://amp-wp.org).
```

Given that this is on .org it seems unnecessary to mention that they can go elsewhere for installation instructions. I suggest it's implied.

> In a nutshell, follow these steps to get started quickly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to get started quickly:
```

> 1. Upload the folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory

Reviewer: Do we want to revisit these instructions? They seem very developer specific and not user focused.. If they are a user, most will install directly from the admin. I'm guessing we'd want to optimize for the _average_ user's installation process?
